hello everybody today let's talk about
voice controls and let's use the
applications in the native music player of the
galaxy s 4 and we will also use the camera
photographic images are both use some
by voice command to start then we
Let's get into configurations here.
to make the initial settings of the
voice control
we will find here the control of
voice on my device device then
the last tool that is control by
voice
He needs to be here connected later.
so we play in voice control and
here are the options in which the command
can be used then
has an incoming call an alarm
camera and music
I here have marked all the options, right?
now in this video I will demonstrate only
the last two being the camera and music
Let's start with the camera.
Let's go when you open the camera.
to demonstrate the command the
controls used on the camera
the words the words that are already pre-
configured for the firing of the
photographs are the words shoot
capture x-connect and smile
Let's now demonstrate this in practice.
here an object to be photographed with a
charger is from the phone
notice that I am going to speak now the first
word shoot
Let's go to the next one now, and
next is smile and now finally connect x
well now let's get out of here
camera and test the voice commands to
friends that play
we have here our application
Let's open a music folder here.
an interesting thing to say here that
some commands work best with the
apparatus to sit playing playing
no music i did some testing and and
some commands like that with the player
playing does not work so well is the
sound of the sound of the device he
it disturbs the to the voice command né
here in case
if I say to him is the right words
increase volume
notice it has already opened and request
reduce volume reduce volume
reduce the volume you realize that the
volume has been reduced and is a
environment is quiet and volume
normally I will now do the
converse, I 'm going to ask him to increase the
volume increase volume
increase volume increase volume
increase volume ready now
here with the volume at most one or the other
command I'd like to show here
huh
here in blue is not the song that the
people now if I ask next was already
sometimes he catches very well he catches
very good very good
is the sound of our voice is sometimes
This does not happen so easily.
then the next command
note he jumps to the next song
next
If I asked you to go back, huh?
in the previous song I 'm not saying
usually when he comes back already
back playing aaa music not only that
now with the sun the toucan will stay
It's difficult for us to ask that
public cause here is like me
said with the sound playing is
practically impossible to use the commands
of voice, right?
with him here he is stopped he goes
work perfectly the next
next
other word than the command that is also
by default already here in the same
application is not
It's the play I get that it was just me.
say play the sound has started aa
run has started playing compare
As I said, we are currently using the
with the sound playing and with the sound
playing gets a little harder than
get the result in the voice command
but
It's already very interesting, what is already
it's possible to do is very interesting
I hope you have enjoyed
I like both features right.
I found it quite interesting despite
not be totally functional for
all the commands he is already working
well is a good part of it is so much for the
camera while here for our music
player
and in that case you're curious
want to ask some more
something about the function of the
voice control or even about the
of the player or some curiosity about the
camera are free to request
there in the comments area on the website at ac
on android with and we'll be
with the videos where the staff is
wanting until the next video